exrt: disabled
gladiatorlossa2: disabled
consoleport: disabled
consoleport_keyboard: enabled
blizzmove: enabled
weakauras: enabled
nameplatecooldowns: enabled
atlas: enabled
omnicd: disabled
alatalentemu: enabled
advancedinterfaceoptions: enabled
lootmonitor: enabled
atlaslootclassic: enabled
battleinfo: disabled
omnibar: disabled
altoholic_agenda: enabled
itemrackoptions: enabled
dbm-zulaman: enabled
atlaslootclassic_factions: enabled
classiccodex-db-frfr: disabled
dbm-karazhan: enabled
dbm-naxx: enabled
altoholic_summary: enabled
classiccodex-db-esmx: disabled
weakaurasarchive: enabled
dbm-pvp: enabled
classiccodex-db-zhcn: disabled
dbm-sunwell: enabled
blizzmove_debug: disabled
classiccodex: disabled
atlaslootclassic_collections: enabled
dbm-worldevents: enabled
dbm-gui: enabled
altoholic_guild: enabled
weakaurasoptions: enabled
classiccodex-db-enus: disabled
classiccodex-db-kokr: disabled
dbm-party-bc: enabled
dbm-serpentshrine: enabled
consoleport_config: enabled
atlaslootclassic_crafting: enabled
dbm-azeroth: enabled
altoholic_grids: enabled
dbm-bwl: enabled
dbm-blacktemple: enabled
dbm-theeye: enabled
dbm-party-classic: enabled
dbm-zg: enabled
dbm-mc: enabled
dbm-hyjal: enabled
dbm-aq40: enabled
dbm-aq20: enabled
tullarange_config: enabled
elvui_optionsui: enabled
dbm-outlands: enabled
classiccodex-db: disabled
weakaurasmodelpaths: enabled
classiccodex-db-zhtw: disabled
atlaslootclassic_pvp: enabled
atlaslootclassic_options: enabled
classiccodex-db-dede: disabled
classiccodex-db-ruru: disabled
atlaslootclassic_dungeonsandraids: enabled
altoholic_search: enabled
weakaurastemplates: enabled
arkinventoryconfig: enabled
!buggrabber: enabled
atlaslootclassic_data: enabled
dbm-onyxia: enabled
altoholic_characters: enabled
bugsack: enabled
classiccodex-db-eses: disabled
!!!easeaddoncontroller: disabled
classiccodex-patch: disabled
ElvUI_VisualAuraTimers: disabled
ElvUI_ExtraActionBars: disabled
ElvUI_CastBarOverlay: disabled
ElvUI_EverySecondCounts: disabled
ElvUI_AuraBarsMovers: disabled
ElvUI_CustomTweaks: disabled
ElvUI_DTBars2: disabled
ElvUI_QuestXP: disabled
ElvUI_CustomTags: disabled
kExtraBossFrames: disabled
WeakAurasCompanion: enabled
dbm-eyeofeternity: enabled
dbm-voa: enabled
dbm-party-wotlk: enabled
dbm-coliseum: enabled
dbm-icecrown: enabled
dbm-ulduar: enabled
dbm-chamberofaspects: enabled
DataStore: disabled
DataStore_Agenda: disabled
DataStore_Auctions: disabled
DataStore_Characters: disabled
DataStore_Crafts: disabled
DataStore_Inventory: disabled
DataStore_Containers: disabled
DataStore_Mails: disabled
DataStore_Quests: disabled
DataStore_Reputations: disabled
DataStore_Spells: disabled
DataStore_Talents: disabled
Dejunk: enabled
GTFO: disabled
GladiatorlosSA2_zhCN: disabled
Guidelime: enabled
AutoCombatLogger: enabled
AutoBarBCC: disabled
ClassicCodex-loader: disabled
Gladdy: disabled
MRT: disabled
ArkInventoryRules_Example: enabled
AddonProfiles: enabled
ArkInventoryRules_Profession: enabled
ArkInventory: enabled
WideQuestLog: disabled
WideQuestLogLevels: disabled
DBM-Core: disabled
ConsolePort_Bar: enabled
ConsolePortAdvanced: disabled
ConsolePortBar: disabled
ConsolePortHelp: disabled
ConsolePortLoader: disabled
ConsolePortUI_Loot: disabled
ConsolePortUI_Menu: disabled
weizPVP: disabled
